Docs for changes related to HonorPVReclaimPolicy feature (#32570)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes.md

However, the particular path specified in the custom recycler Pod template in the `volumes` part is replaced with the particular path of the volume that is being recycled.

> ### PersistentVolume Deletion Protection Finalizer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### PersistentVolume deletion protection finalizer
```

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.24" state="beta" >}}

> Finalizers are added on the PersistentVolume to ensure that the PersistentVolume having `Delete` reclaim policy is deleted only after the underlying storage assets are deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finalizers can be added on a PersistentVolume to ensure that PersistentVolumes
having `Delete` reclaim policy are deleted only after the backing storage are deleted.
```

The finalizer `kubernetes.io/pv-controller` is added to in-tree plugin volumes. The following is an example

```shell
kubectl describe pv task-pv-volume
Name:            task-pv-volume
Labels:          type=local
Annotations:     <none>
Finalizers:      [kubernetes.io/pv-protection, kubernetes.io/pv-controller]
StorageClass:    standard
Status:          Bound
Claim:
Reclaim Policy:  Delete
Access Modes:    RWO
Capacity:        1Gi
Message:
Source:
    Type:          HostPath (bare host directory volume)
    Path:          /tmp/data
    HostPathType:
Events:            <none>
```

> The finalizer `external-provisioner.volume.kubernetes.io/finalizer` is added for csi volumes. The following is an example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The finalizer `external-provisioner.volume.kubernetes.io/finalizer` is added for CSI volumes.
The following is an example:
```

```shell
Name:            pvc-2f0bab97-85a8-4552-8044-eb8be45cf48d
Labels:          <none>
Annotations:     pv.kubernetes.io/provisioned-by: csi.vsphere.vmware.com
Finalizers:      [kubernetes.io/pv-protection external-provisioner.volume.kubernetes.io/finalizer]
StorageClass:    fast
Status:          Bound
Claim:           demo-app/nginx-logs
Reclaim Policy:  Delete
Access Modes:    RWO
VolumeMode:      Filesystem
Capacity:        200Mi
Node Affinity:   <none>
Message:         
Source:
    Type:              CSI (a Container Storage Interface (CSI) volume source)
    Driver:            csi.vsphere.vmware.com
    FSType:            ext4
    VolumeHandle:      44830fa8-79b4-406b-8b58-621ba25353fd
    ReadOnly:          false
    VolumeAttributes:      storage.kubernetes.io/csiProvisionerIdentity=1648442357185-8081-csi.vsphere.vmware.com
                           type=vSphere CNS Block Volume
Events:                <none>
```

> Enabling the `CSIMigration` feature for a specific in-tree plugin volume will remove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling the `CSIMigration` feature for a specific in-tree volume plugin will remove
```

> the `kubernetes.io/pv-controller` finalizer, while `external-provisioner.volume.kubernetes.io/finalizer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `kubernetes.io/pv-controller` finalizer, while adding the `external-provisioner.volume.kubernetes.io/finalizer`
```

is added. Similarly, disabling `CSIMigration` will remove the `external-provisioner.volume.kubernetes.io/finalizer`

> finalizer, while `kubernetes.io/pv-controller` finalizer is added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
finalizer, while adding the `kubernetes.io/pv-controller` finalizer.
```

However, the particular path specified in the custom recycler Pod template in the `volumes` part is replaced with the particular path of the volume that is being recycled.

### PersistentVolume deletion protection finalizer
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.24" state="beta" >}}

Finalizers can be added on a PersistentVolume to ensure that PersistentVolumes
having `Delete` reclaim policy are deleted only after the backing storage are deleted.

The finalizer `kubernetes.io/pv-controller` is added to in-tree plugin volumes. The following is an example

```shell
kubectl describe pv task-pv-volume
Name:            task-pv-volume
Labels:          type=local
Annotations:     <none>

> Finalizers:      [kubernetes.io/pv-protection, kubernetes.io/pv-controller]

Reviewer 2: `kubernetes.io/pv-controller` is added in 1.24 as beta.
`kubernetes.io/pv-protection` has been there for a while.
I wonder if this gives people impression that both are added in 1.24?  We probably should add a note to clarify.

The following is an example:
```shell
Name:            pvc-2f0bab97-85a8-4552-8044-eb8be45cf48d
Labels:          <none>
Annotations:     pv.kubernetes.io/provisioned-by: csi.vsphere.vmware.com
Finalizers:      [kubernetes.io/pv-protection external-provisioner.volume.kubernetes.io/finalizer]
StorageClass:    fast
Status:          Bound
Claim:           demo-app/nginx-logs
Reclaim Policy:  Delete
Access Modes:    RWO
VolumeMode:      Filesystem
Capacity:        200Mi
Node Affinity:   <none>
Message:         
Source:
    Type:              CSI (a Container Storage Interface (CSI) volume source)
    Driver:            csi.vsphere.vmware.com
    FSType:            ext4
    VolumeHandle:      44830fa8-79b4-406b-8b58-621ba25353fd
    ReadOnly:          false
    VolumeAttributes:      storage.kubernetes.io/csiProvisionerIdentity=1648442357185-8081-csi.vsphere.vmware.com
                           type=vSphere CNS Block Volume
Events:                <none>
```

Enabling the `CSIMigration` feature for a specific in-tree volume plugin will remove
the `kubernetes.io/pv-controller` finalizer, while adding the `external-provisioner.volume.kubernetes.io/finalizer`

> is added. Similarly, disabling `CSIMigration` will remove the `external-provisioner.volume.kubernetes.io/finalizer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
finalizer. Similarly, disabling `CSIMigration` will remove the `external-provisioner.volume.kubernetes.io/finalizer`
```
